Thank you for signing up for Humans vs Zombies {{ game_name }}!

Please finish signing up to our website here: https://{{ site_url }}{{ url('signup', args=[signup_invite.id]) }}

Make sure to read and agree to the waiver, read the rules of the game,
and print out your player card. (Our website is currently being
polished, some of these features will be available by the end of this
week).

The game will begin on Monday, November 5th @ 12:00 AM. If you have any
friends who would like to the join, please send them to one of our
signup booths before Friday, November 2nd @ 5:00 PM. Or they can contact us at
uwhumansvszombies@gmail.com with their email.

At 5:00 PM on Sunday, November 4th in STC on UWaterloo Campus, we will
be hosting a practice mission to practice for the weeklong game. It will
help introduce rules, have a little bit of fun and get the hang of the
game. Please bring a bandana and any socks or blasters to use.

At 11:00 PM on Sunday, November 4th, you will receive an email whether
you are a HUMAN or a ZOMBIE. If you would like to be a zombie, please
check the box when you are making your account and signing up for the game.

Please join our Facebook Group: https://www.facebook.com/groups/uwhvz/
to easily access updates. Our website will also display announcements
and mission details for the day. Each night before an email will be sent
out about the agenda for the next day, including times for supply drops,
mini-missions and Main Missions. Main Mission details will be emailed an
hour before Main Mission begins.

Additional important information will be sent over twitter through
@HVZAlertSystem (https://twitter.com/hvzalertsystem). You can get the
tweets texted to you by texting "follow @HVZAlertSystem" to the number
21212.

If you need to rent a blaster from the Humans vs Zombie Society, you can
email us at uwhumansvszombies@gmail.com for more information.

You can find all rule changes and additions here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qWEV0cvqfqg9o8IvreCV2yV52SDmmdyV562-XO9Hl84/edit
